[Autogenerated] So we just So how to develop and deploy a Web
application with the clips in her local Tomcat installation.
And most of the time,
this is how you are going toe work in a really production environment.
But they are still situations where you need to debug a Web
application from a remote of cat installation A Not
necessarily a production environment.
It can also be some kind of testing environment.
And for that you need to declare this remote installation of Tomcat in eclipse.
So this is what we are going to see now how to connect to
this remote tomcat instance and the debug I will wear
implication in these remote installation.
For that, we are going to launch an instance of Tomcat independently off eclipse.
We have a Tomcat installed in this directory.
It is a local Tomcat,
but we're going to connect to it just in the same way as
you would do it for a remote Tomcat.
There are several ways to launch Tomcat.
You have scripts in the BIN directory,
and one of the script is the Katarina scraped,
and you need to pass start as an option to it.
It will open another window and launch Tomcat here in almost half a second.
Now we have a running tomcat instance on this local machina,
and we can connect to it using any brother,
for instance, I have here a chrome browser and connecting a to local host 80 80.
We'll show this welcome page with different links to
various pages of documentation.
We are interested in the manager up off this pager.
Click the button here, and by default,
it will ask for password because this application is password protected.
If we try to connect with the default installation, it will not work.
And we quickly canceled.
It will show these page telling you that you need to add the
two following lines are to a special fighter.
Tomcat dash uses dot XML installed in the cough
directory of the Tomcat insulation.
So let us do that.
Let us copy those two lines are navigator to the root directory of our tomcat
installation A go to the golf subdirectory and edit this file.
Um,
in a note pad plus plus Navigated it all and just
copy paste those two lines here, save this fighter Now We need to restart Tomcat.
So let us do that.
Katarina, Stop and then Katarina start once again go back to our browser.
Refresh this page Are type in a dumb cat on the best word secret
with the three instead of the first e connect.
And now we are connected to the application manager of Tomcat with
the default applications are already deployed.
A dog's examples Host, manager and manager.
Now, probably if you have a really production Tomcat,
you will not see those applications because most of the time people do not let those application in a Tomcat installation.